welcome back to DIY Thursday my name is
Nick from L HDC tv.com and today I'm
going to show you how to make a $1300
gold lace bracelet for less than $15
stay tuned here's what you'll need
lace fabric or trim gold spray paint
fabric stiffener a paper towel roll and
parchment paper the first thing you'll
do is cut a piece of lace long enough to
fit around your wrist - about an inch
next generously apply fabric stiffener
to both sides of your lease after you've
covered your paper towel roll with
parchment paper place your wet lace
around it this is going to act as a mold
to form your lace into the cup when your
lace is dry you can gently remove it
from your mold if you feel like your cup
is too flimsy go back and add more
fabric stiffener and allow it to dry
before spray-painting be sure to coat
all sides of your cup with spray-paint
including the inside underneath and
after your spray paint is dry you're all
done be sure to visit El HDC tv.com for
more pictures commentary and tips and
show me your version on Facebook and
Twitter be sure to support DIY Thursday
by encouraging your family and friends
to subscribe
you